Song wife
Song wife, oh Song wife
That's great news.
Your husband?
I won the champion
Really oops
This can be fake
This celebration banquet is scheduled to be heard in three days
It was an edict given by the Prince of Shan Dynasty himself
It's such a great honor.
That's fine.
Husband, he finally got his wish after taking the test for so many years
It's not easy for you girl
Five years ago
Little sister is sick in bed
It's your family that picks up the burden at home
Feed their family
Now he has won the champion
You can finally have a good time
Oh, I remember now.
You are the one who takes care of life
The girl whose husband has been with her for 5 years
There are too few people like you these days
I'll take these clothes.
I'll buy it as a gift for you.
Well, thank you very much. Thank you very much.
For three years and five years, I have healed you with my heart and blood
These years, it has helped the family trivial
There is also a stall for you to take exams
I finally got through it
Do you love him?
Hey
How can that yellow-faced woman be compared to you?
Actually me
I wanted to give him a break for a long time
Just because of his character
He definitely won't accept it
So I'm going to the celebration dinner in 3 days
Give him to Hugh on the spot
Then in that public
He has the nerve to continue pestering my mother
Ahahahaha
Of course you've already planned it
That would be if it weren't for you
How can I win this top spot?
And this is just the beginning.
There are forces behind me
You just want to be the general of Zhenguo
The heat of the Qing Dynasty rain hangs like Qi Siming
I will also help you achieve oops
You are so kind to me hahahaha oops